feat: add `commitHourlyLimit` (#36226)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

## commitBodyTable

## commitHourlyLimit

> This config option limits the maximum number of branches Renovate creates or rebases per hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This config option limits the number of commits Renovate pushes in an hour.
It includes commits pushed while creating a new branch or rebasing an existing one.
```
